Add info on inbuilt mediation policies (#1552)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/api-management/api-policies.md

- **Add Query Parameter**: Adds query parameters to a request. You can attach this policy multiple times to add various parameters. Adding the same parameter multiple times creates an array of values. The parameter name and value must be static, but you can use placeholders to configure different values for different environments. For example, `${fooValue}`.
- **Add Header**: Adds headers to a request or response. If the same header is added multiple times, values are appended rather than overwritten. The header name and value must be static, but you can use placeholders to configure different values for different environments. For example, `${authzHeaderValue}`.
- **Set Header**: Sets headers in a request or response, overwriting any existing values. You can attach this policy multiple times to set multiple headers. Each time the same header is set, it replaces the previous value. The header name and value must be static, but you can use placeholders to configure different values for different environments. For example, `${authzHeaderValue}`. 

> - **Rewrite Resource Path**: Modifies the resource path of an HTTP request by replacing the original path with a new relative path. You can include path parameters in the new path using a specific format such as `newPath: ${myResourcePath}`. You can apply this policy multiple times, but only the last instance will take effect. The new path must be static, but you can use placeholders to configure different values for different environments. For example, `${myResourcePath}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Rewrite Resource Path**: Modifies the resource path of an HTTP request by replacing the original path with a new relative path. You can apply this policy multiple times, but only the last instance will take effect. The new path must be static, but you can use placeholders to configure different values for different environments. For example, `${myResourcePath}`.
```

> - **Log Message**: Logs the payload and headers of a request or response. Attaching this policy multiple times results in duplicate log entries. By default, headers and payloads are not logged. To log them, you can set `logHeaders` and `logBody` to `true`. To exclude specific headers when logging, you can use the `excludedHeaders` parameter, which takes a comma-separated list of header names. An error will occur if payload logging is enabled but the payload cannot be read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Log Message**: Logs the payload and headers of a request or response. Attaching this policy multiple times results in duplicate log entries. By default, headers and payloads are not logged. To log them, you can set `Log Headers` and `Log Payload` to `true`. To exclude specific headers when logging, you can use the `Excluded Headers` parameter, which takes a comma-separated list of header names. An error will occur if payload logging is enabled but the payload cannot be read.
```
